Hello and welcome to one minute Wednesdays where I teach you english.
In just one minute you solidify your knowledge by writing a practice
sentence down below and I will give it a thumbs up if it's correct and I will try to
correct you if it's not.
So let's start that clock.
I'll versus I'll these are hama phones that
means they are spelt differently I'll versus I'll these are hama phones that means they are spelt differently but they sound the same.
I'll but they sound the same.
I'll I'll now I'll means
passageway between seats or shelves.
For example,
you'll find aisles in a supermarket and you'll find an aisle
in a church.
You'll find isles on trains and planes and you'll also find
aisles I'll now I'll means passageway between seats or shelves.
For example,
you'll find aisles in a supermarket and you'll find an aisle
in a church.
You'll find isles on trains and planes and you'll also find
aisles in a theater.
in a theater.
Next we have I'll Next we have I'll the contraction of I
will the contraction of I will I'll I'll You might say I'll be
walking down the aisle on my wedding day or I'll
be going to I'll 13 in the supermarket to pick my
favorite fruit.
You might say I'll be walking down the aisle on my
wedding day or I'll be going to I'll 13
in the supermarket to pick my favorite fruit.
So now it's your turn right.
A practice sentence or two down below using both of these
words.
Good luck.
See you next Wednesday So now it's your turn right.
See you next Wednesday